Issue 7 story idea from Nicholas Benson:

Planet-Man and Shrink-Scope are talking together in the HQ.
Shrink-Scope asks Planet-Man if he is happy.
Planet-Man answers that of course he's happy, and with concern he asks why she asked him that.
Shrink-Scope with concern explains that he's been acting differently recently, and she wondered if he was upset with her for keeping him on the planet against his will.
Planet-Man comforts her and assures her that he is not there against his will.
He admits he didn't initially choose to come to this world, but since he has been there he has finally found both purpose and a true home.
Planet-Man describes how the world he was from was one where he was alone and was constantly trying to fill the void of loneliness by endlessly creating miniature worlds.
He gives Shrink-Scope a hug and lets her know that he cares about her and her world.
Shrink-Scope is somewhat relieved but still worried.
Planet-Man sees her expression shift and he looks into her eyes.
Shrink-Scope asks "Then why have things been off recently?"
Planet-Man admits that he knows what she's talking about, but he has been trying to avoid confronting what has been haunting him.
Shrink-Scope gives him a pep-talk, saying that he's fought a false-god, a dark wizard, and a reality warper.
She puts her hand on his shoulder and asks "Can fighting your own demons really be that much harder?"
Planet-Man takes a deep breath.
He admits that he hasn't gotten over his battle against Madame Multiverse.
He says he doesn't know for sure if any of the planets in her multiverse dress were alive, but he knows that he destroyed them all.
He trembles and clenches his fist as he laments the countless lives that might have been lost in that battle.
Shrink-Scope places her hands on his shoulders and asks him to look at her.
Her crystal ball eyes glow in a variety of colors as she lets him know that she is looking back in time at the worlds that were destroyed when the multiverse dress was annihilated.
She smiles at him and assures him that none of them were inhabited.
Planet-Man is overjoyed and gives her a big hug.
Planet-Man in his excitement spots the time and realizes that it is getting late.
He wishes Shrink-Scope a good night, she wishes him a good night, and they both return to their respective rooms.
Planet-Man for the first time in a long time has a good night's rest.
Shrink-Scope curls up awake in bed quietly crying to herself for the lies she told, and all the lives she watched be eradicated right before her eyes.
She tells herself to be strong, that this was necessary, and that now everything will be okay.
She rocks back and forth in bed and repeats that to herself over and over that everything will be okay.
