Planet-Man and Shrink-Scope return from a mission, both tired and ready to rest.
But as soon as they enter their HQ, they see Hoppette suddenly hop out of glowing white lily pad glyph on the floor.
Hoppette is a humanoid, curvy, frog woman, with blue eyes, long curly brown hair, wearing a futuristic, leather, white with black accents, bodysuit.
Planet-Man and Shrink-Scope immediately view this intruder as a threat and leap into action.
Shrink-Scope uses her clairvoyance, her eyes glowing with a variety of colors, as she looks into the future to see Hoppette's next move.
Planet-Man flies at Hoppette to try and catch her, but Hoppette uses her superhuman leaping abilities and mucus to leap away from him and stick to walls.
Shrink-Scope knows that Hoppette is simply too fast and too agile for Planet-Man to catch simply by flying at her, but that doesn't matter to her.
She knows exactly where Hoppette is going to hop too next in order to avoid Planet-Man.
Planet-Man misses another flying tackle as Hoppette hops away from him.
Hoppette inadvertently hops right into the path of Shrink-Scope's fist, knocking her down to the ground.
Planet-Man summons a miniature-planet with a strong localized gravitational pull, which picks up Hoppette and forces her to orbit around it.
Floating in the air without anything to hop off of, she is essentially stuck.
Hoppette explains that she's not their enemy.
Shrink-Scope asks how she found their HQ.
Hoppette explains that her suit allows her to travel between miniature-planets, and that she's come to see if she can convince Planet-Man to help more of his worlds instead of only focusing on this one.
This surprises Planet-Man and Shrink-Scope.
Planet-Man thinks for a moment, before emphasizing that this world still needs him.
Shrink-Scope nods in agreement.
Hoppette pouts and asks why one world should be held above all others.
Planet-Man tells Hoppette that all worlds matter, but he can't be everywhere at once.
Shrink-Scope reveals that she's actually been thinking a lot about this problem in regards to how slow things have been in regards to saving her world.
She asks Planet-Man if it could be possible to make golems out of miniature-planets, which could help Planet-Man multi-task by dispatching golems to handle missions he otherwise couldn't go to.
Everyone smiles and nods, as Planet-Man immediately gets to work making a golem out of mini-planets.
The issue ends with Hoppette thanking our heroes, as she leaves carrying a golem made of miniature-planets as she hops into a glowing white lily pad glyph on the floor.
