Issue 14 idea from Nicholas Benson:

It is late at night.
Planet-Man and Shrink-Scope are relaxing together on the couch.
Shrink-Scope says it is time for bed, and the two of them stand up and yawn.
Before they can go anywhere, a white lilypad glyph glows on the floor and Hoppette hops out of the glyph in a cold sweat.
Shrink-Scope looks simultaneously annoyed and concerned.
Planet-Man asks Hoppette what's wrong but Shrink-Scope stops him.
Shrink-Scope tells Planet-Man that it is getting late and that he needs to go to bed.
Shrink-Scope emphasizes that she'll handle this.
Hoppette protests that Shrink-Scope couldn't even handle her in their sparring session.
Planet-Man is confused and asks if Hoppette has come to spar.
Hoppette says that what is coming is serious and that Shrink-Scope and the golem guardians will not be enough to stop it.
Shrink-Scope tells Hoppette to stop exaggerating and tries to explain that Planet-Man has been exhausted recently, but before she can finish Bruiser appears behind her and wraps his giant frog tongue around her head.
In an instant he uses his tongue to slam her head into the ground and knocks Shrink-Scope unconscious.
Hoppette exclaims "Oh no, he's already here!"
Planet-Man's eyes are visibly enraged but the exhaustion on his face is obvious.
He charges toward Bruiser with a flying punch, but Bruiser catches his fist and grips it tightly.
Planet-Man cries out in agony as Bruiser laughs mockingly.
Bruiser taunts "Is this your god?"
Hoppette leaps into action to try and tackle Bruiser, but he lifts up his eyepatch and fires a laser blast at her from his cybernetic eye that knocks her into the back wall and knocks her unconscious.
While he's distracted, Planet-Man summons a gaseous miniature planet over Bruiser's head to blind him.
Bruiser lets go of Planet-Man's fist as he tries to swat away the gas blocking his vision.
Planet-Man summons rocky miniature-planets around Bruiser.
When Bruiser's vision clears he starts trying to fire laser blasts at all of the rocky miniature-planets, but the rocky miniature-planets all fly at him like bullets.
Bruiser crosses his arms to try to block the impacts.
The miniature planets shatter against his powerful muscles, as Bruiser leaps forward and tackles Planet-Man to the ground.
Pinned down Planet-Man is seemingly helpless as Bruiser charges up his cybernetic laser eye for one final strike.
Right before the blast is shot, Planet-Man summons a reflective miniature ice planet between his face and the blast.
The blast is reflected back at Bruiser's cybernetic eye, shattering it to pieces.
Planet-Man kicks the stunned and wounded Bruiser off of him.
Before Bruiser has a chance to recover, Planet-Man summons miniature ringed planets he uses as bladed weapons and slices at Bruiser.
Bruiser's incredible durability falters against the sharp edge of the miniature-planet rings.
Bruiser is wounded, his bodysuit tattered, and his cybernetic eye shattered.
But he's still standing.
Planet-Man is exhausted beyond belief, but his rage lets him power through as he summons a volcanic miniature-planet that fires a blast of flame like a cannon that knocks Bruiser into the wall and knocks him unconscious.
Planet-Man is so tired he can't keep his eyes open as he too collapses to the ground.
