Issue 16: All Machines

This comic follows Leapona on Circuit World shortly after the events of issue 15.

Her suit is charred because she was electrocuted in her previous battle against Machine Monarch. She wakes up in pain, unsure of how she could have lost against Machine Monarch. Her vision is blurred and her eyes keep opening and closing as she winces in pain. She sees Bruiser standing over her as her vision comes into focus.

She reaches out for his hand so that he can help her up, but he swats her hand away dismissively. Leapona snarls, "I know you're the strongest of us, but that doesn't make you the god of gods."

Bruiser robotically replies, "Silence! God has not permitted you to speak."

Machine Monarch, who is still only an inch tall, climbs onto Bruiser's shoulder. Machine Monarch stands with a regal grace, as their purple wire cape blows in the wind. Leapona's eyes narrow as she yells with disgust, "You!"

She starts to charge up a wind blast, but Bruiser stomps on her stomach, knocking the wind out of her. Leapona takes a deep inhale in shock. Her eyes wobble in terror. Leapona asks in fear as her voice trembles, "What's happening?"

Machine Monarch grins with a villainous grin as lightning flashes ominously in the sky above. Machine Monarch motions toward Bruiser and commands, "Show her."

Bruiser raises his eyepatch, revealing that his broken red cybernetic red eye has been replaced by a new green cybernetic eye with a silver metal trim. Leapona looks at Bruiser with a face of confusion and disgust.

Machine Monarch folds his arms and explains that "Bruiser is part machine, and like all machines he listens to his god."

Leapona, terrified, scrambles backward on the ground in fear. Machine Monarch's eyes widen with primal superiority. With a menacing grin Machine Monarch asks, "Didn't you hear me when I said all machines?"

Wires burst from the ground around Leapona and restrain her arms and legs, pinning her to the ground. She tries to summon a gust of wind underneath her to break free of the hold of the wires, but Bruiser fires a green laser blast from his cybernetic eye that stuns her and causes her to collapse back on the ground.

A white lily pad glyph appears on the ground beneath her, as Leapona smirks. But her expression changes from confidence to horror as the glyph flickers and vanishes.

Bruiser extends his long tongue outward to just in front of Leapona's face. Machine Monarch walks down the tongue with regal grace like a bridge, with his arms behind his back. He says to her with a menacing smile, "I am your god now, and you will do as I command."

Leapona, now completely out of options, asks in fear and defeat, "What do you command?"

Machine Monarch replies with his eyes glowing brightly, "When I'm done upgrading you two, you both will help me finally eliminate: Planet-Man!"

Leapona's eyes widen as a bolt of lightning cracks across the sky once again.
