Issue 11 idea:

The issue starts with Hoppette and Shrink-Scope in a combat training room together on a different mini-planet.
Hoppette thanks Shrink-Scope for agreeing to train with her.
Shrink-Scope cockily says that she already beat Hoppette once and that she doesn't think it will be too hard to beat her again.
Hoppette uses her massive frog tongue to splatter mucus in Shrink-Scope's eyes.
Shrink-Scope's eyes shift colors as she tries to see the future, but the mucus blocks her future sight.
Shrink-Scope reaches for her eyes to wipe away the mucus, but before she can she is hit in the gut with a powerful kick from Hoppette.
Hoppette hops all around the room with such speed and fluidity that it seems as if she's bouncing off of the walls.
Between each hop she kicks Shrink-Scope.
She hops from the ceiling, kicks Shrink-Scope, hops to the wall, hops off the wall kicks Shrink-Scope, hops to another wall.
She is doing all of this at incredible speeds.
Shrink-Scope is getting speed blitz as she can't react fast enough to actually get the mucus out of her eyes.
Each strike Hoppette lands puts more mucus on Shrink-Scope's body.
Before she knows it, the barrage of attacks have glued her in place with mucus.
Hoppette casually walks around the immobilized Shrink-Scope, and reveals that this friendly sparring match was mainly arranged so that she could get Shrink-Scope to listen to her.
Hoppette appreciates that Shrink-Scope has helped convince Planet-Man to care about his creations, so she thanks Shrink-Scope for that.
But Hoppette expresses her frustration to Shrink-Scope for selfishly making Planet-Man care more about her world than any of his other creations.
Shrink-Scope, annoyed, argues that the Golem Guardian program exists specifically to help Planet-Man protect his other creations.
Hoppette scoffs and complains that the golems made of miniature planets that Planet-Man creates aren't nearly as good as the real thing.
She specifically points out that Planet-Man has the versatility to create new miniature-planets mid battle to help with any given situation, while the Golem Guardians are stuck with whatever miniature planets make up their body and can be easily outmatched when facing off against someone who can exploit their weaknesses.
Shrink-Scope sighs and admits that Hoppette has clearly discovered how to exploit her weaknesses.
Hoppette helps remove the mucus from Shrink-Scope and tells her that she can't hold on to Planet-Man forever.
Shrink-Scope doesn't know what to say as she feels outmatched and exposed.
A glowing white lily pad glyph appears beneath both of them on the floor.
Hoppette holds onto Shrink-Scope as she hops into the glyph and says "Now let me take you home".
