Issue 15: Circuit Divinity

This issue takes place in Shrink-Scope's HQ at night during the aftermath of the battle from Issue 14. Machine Monarch, still shrunken down to only about an inch tall, stands on top of Bruiser, who is still unconscious. He looks over at Planet-Man and Shrink-Scope, both unconscious on the floor. Planet-Man is especially battered and bruised. Shrink-Scope's face is bruised and the floor is cracked where her head collided with it. Hoppette is unconscious against the back wall, with a scorch mark on her chest where Bruiser's laser blast hit her. Bruiser's cybernetic eye is cracked and his hop suit has several slashes in it.

Machine Monarch uses his power to communicate with machines to talk to Bruiser's hop suit. He says now is not the time to get revenge on Planet-Man and that for now he needs to go somewhere that can provide him with the power he needs to rule all. A glowing white lily pad glyph appears on the ground beneath unconscious Bruiser, and both Bruiser and Machine Monarch are transported to another world where everything appears to be made of circuits.

Machine Monarch is immediately agitated by what he perceives as billions of voices all talking to him at once. The agonizing noise is interrupted by Leapona, a humanoid frog woman with thick yellow webbing between her fingers and toes that allows her to fly. Leapona has an afro of thick feathery orange hair, narrow yellow eyes, a thin body type, and a futuristic white leather bodysuit with black accents, known as a hop suit. She glides through the air and hovers above Machine Monarch. Since Machine Monarch is only about an inch tall, Leapona looks like a flying giant from his perspective. Machine Monarch is still standing on top of Bruiser's unconscious body.

Leapona mockingly asks, "You don't expect me to believe that you defeated the mightiest of my divine race, do you?" Machine Monarch scoffs and says, "Neither of you are gods. I've fought Planet-Man and lived to tell the tale." Leapona's eyes widen with hate as she growls, "You dare blaspheme and speak the name of the abandoner in the presence of true gods!"

Leapona sweeps her webbed hands through the air, throwing powerful wind blasts toward Machine Monarch. Machine Monarch leaps out of the way and darts behind the strange circuit board terrain. His natural circuit patterns allow him to blend in with his environment. Leapona screams that Machine Monarch cannot hide forever and begins pelting the ground with wind blasts. As parts of the landscape explode, Machine Monarch hears terrified screams of agony. He is so distracted that he fails to notice a wind blast heading for his position. The circuit landscape shielding him is shattered, he is launched backward, and Leapona hovers over him as he struggles to stand.

In the rubble in front of Machine Monarch, where the landscape was blown apart, he sees exposed wires sticking straight up out of the ground. His eyes widen with wonder and dread. Leapona laughs and prepares another powerful wind blast, taunting, "This is your end, heretic!" Machine Monarch says, "This is how a real god smites the unworthy." He whispers to the wires, and a powerful bolt of electricity shoots straight up from the exposed wires in the ground and electrocutes Leapona. Leapona falls from the sky and crashes into the ground. The shockwave hits Machine Monarch with a powerful draft that knocks him off his feet again. Machine Monarch says this was good, closes his eyes, and speaks to the world: "We have much to build."
