Planet-Man Issue 13 concept:

Planet-Man is flying over the city as he chases after a speedster supervillain that is running on the street below. The speedster supervillain is a humanoid man made entirely out of blue lightning with copper wires for hair and large round flat batteries for eyes. The speedster's supervillain name is Shock Step. Shock Step robbed a jewelry store and is running off with a bag of stolen jewels.

Planet-Man is visibly tired. He cannot seem to keep his eyes open. He is having trouble maintaining altitude. Shock Step taunts him by saying that it looks like he could use a nap. Planet-Man loses consciousness mid-flight and crash lands onto a rooftop. Shock Step is delightfully surprised and taunts him by yelling that maybe Planet-Man can catch him in his dreams.

Two golem guardians, each made up of miniature planets, arrive on the scene. One recovers the unconscious Planet-Man, while the other continues the chase after Shock Step.

When Planet-Man wakes up in his bed, he sees Shrink-Scope standing by his bedside with a worried expression. Shrink-Scope sits on the edge of his bed and tells him that he cannot keep staying up so late. Planet-Man sits up in his bed and says that he has to if he wants to make a dent in the backlog.

Shrink-Scope asks what backlog he is referring to. Planet-Man explains that he has created so many worlds that need his help and each of them has specific needs, so he needs to create specialized golem guardians for each one.

Shrink-Scope looks disturbed and tells him that the whole point of the golem guardians is to keep him from having to stretch himself so thin. Planet-Man says she is right but he feels like he is getting pulled back into his old obsessions. He explains that he feels the same kind of rush that he used to feel when creating miniature planets compulsively to express himself, but now he feels like he is using those skills for a greater purpose to do right by the planets he has done wrong.

Shrink-Scope warns him that his problem is that he is attracted to extremes, and tells him that he needs to find balance. Planet-Man agrees but sometimes he does not know how to stop himself when he gets the itch to create. Shrink-Scope suggests that the two take some time together each night to settle down and talk before bed to get his mind off things so he can rest. He agrees and hugs her. They both yawn, and wish each other a good night.
