Issue 8 idea from Nicholas Benson:

The villain for this issue is Machine Monarch.
Machine Monarch is a black robot covered in a glowing neon green circuit pattern, with round glowing blue LED eyes, who wears a crown made of circuit boards, and a royal purple cape made of wires.
The issue starts with Machine Monarch already shrunken down and living inside of the miniature prison that is located inside of our heroes' HQ.
Machine Monarch stands alone in his cell, as he notices that the guards that patrol the miniature prison are miniaturized robots with glowing red laser eyes.
Machine Monarch tries to use his power to control machines on the guards, but his cell broadcasts a constant jamming signal to prevent him from interfacing with other machines.
Machine Monarch knows that if he could find and destroy whatever in the cell is jamming his signal, that he could easily take over the miniature prison.
He looks around the room, but there aren't any obviously exposed devices anywhere.
He tries to use his robot strength to pry open a wall panel, but he quickly realizes that the walls are reinforced to prevent villains with super strength from just breaking out.
Machine Monarch does not eat food thanks to his machine physiology, but he does have to be regularly charged.
While all of the other prisoners go to the miniature prison meal hall, a wall panel in his cell flips around to reveal a charging pad.
Machine Monarch concocts a devilish plan.
He places his hand against the charging pad, which begins to replenish his body with electrical power.
But instead of just accepting electricity from the pad, he uses it as a two-way interface to push electrical signals through the pad.
This grants him access to his cell's system including the jammer, which he promptly shuts down.
With the jammer off he takes control of the robot guards, and has them open his cell.
He is still within the walls of the miniature prison, but now he is free to move around as he pleases.
While he could try to escape, he doesn't think he'd be able to do much in his shrunken state.
So for now he simply rules over the miniature prison while Shrink-Scope and Planet-Man aren't looking, as its unofficial warden.
But one day, when he can find a way to restore himself to his proper size, he swears that he will have his revenge on Planet-Man and Shrink-Scope.
