Issue 17 takes place in Shrink-Scope's HQ after Machine Monarch and Bruiser have departed for Circuit World.

Planet-Man is unconscious, eyes closed, battered, and bruised.
Shrink-Scope is unconscious, eyes closed, floor cracked where her head slammed into it.
Hoppette is unconscious, back against the wall, scorch mark on her suit where she was blasted by Bruiser's cybernetic laser eye, the wall cracked behind her from when she collided with it.

Shrink-Scope was the first to be knocked out in the fight, so she is the first to recover. She has a bruise on her forehead. She is groggy and her vision is blurred as she stands up. She sees Hoppette first, then sees Planet-Man. Immediately she races over to Planet-Man to see if he is okay.

Hoppette wakes up and rises from the wall slowly. She feels like her head is spinning, so she stumbles when she walks. Shrink-Scope does not even look in her direction.

Hoppette coughs and then asks weakly "Is he..?"
Before she can finish speaking Shrink-Scope answers sharply "He's alive. No thanks to you."

Hoppette clutches where she was shot by the laser blast, clearly still in pain. She looks around and suddenly her eyes widen in panic as she asks "Where's Bruiser?!"

Shrink-Scope angrily turns around to face Hoppette and yells "I didn't even get to see the guy, but I recognize the feel of a frog tongue after our sparring session!"
Shrink-Scope points an accusatory finger at Hoppette and asks "Why did you bring him here?!"

Hoppette takes a step back defensively, still clutching where she was injured with one hand, while holding one hand out toward Shrink-Scope as if to say "Hold on."
Hoppette sits back against the wall with a face of regret and says "You and I both saw that our worlds were missing a god, but we both took different paths to fix that problem."
Hoppette continues by saying "Long before you brought Planet-Man here, I created the hop suits on my world."

Shrink-Scope interjects by complaining "I've heard this before. You made the hop suits so that you could get Planet-Man to help other worlds than mine."
Hoppette furrows her brow with annoyance and corrects Shrink-Scope by clarifying "I only came for Planet-Man AFTER I knew he had returned. BEFORE I created them so that my people could fill-in as replacement gods."

Shrink-Scope's eyes widen with confusion and apprehension as she asks "So the one who attacked us did so to try and replace Planet-Man?"
Hoppette nods solemnly as she says "Yes, because the Hoppers believe themselves to be the true gods and label Planet-Man as the abandoner."

Shrink-Scope stomps over to Hoppette and looms over her as she angrily says "So all your talk of wanting Planet-Man to save other worlds.."
Hoppette interrupts her by saying with a serious tone "Was all true. I was once the greatest mind of my kind. Now I am labeled a blasphemer, and I am constantly on the run. I thought the others would be too afraid to face the abandoner head on."

Shrink-Scope balls her fist in anger as she growls "But you were wrong."
Hoppette looks down in defeat as she says "Bruiser is the strongest of the Hoppers. I don't know why he didn't kill us all."

Planet-Man, still battered and bruised but now conscious and standing, places a calming hand on Shrink-Scope's shoulder as he says confidently "That is a mistake we will make sure he regrets."
