Issue 12 idea from Nicholas Benson:

This issue starts with Hoppette sitting by a campfire in the forest on some random miniature-planet. A stray dog approaches her. She asks the dog if he's looking for his home. The dog replies that he ran away from home. Hoppette is surprised for a moment, but then says that she shouldn't be surprised that dogs can talk on this planet. The dog with a curious expression asks why she said on this planet. Hoppette explains that she ran away from home too.

A holographic red warning appears that says Hop Incoming. Hoppette leaps high into the air and hides within the branches of a nearby tree. A white lily pad glyph appears on the ground by the dog. The dog sniffs it, and then suddenly a muscular, humanoid, frog man, wearing a black eye-patch, a futuristic white leather bodysuit with black accents, and armored black shoulder pads hops out of the glyph. This muscular frog man is named Bruiser.

The dog is startled by Bruiser's sudden appearance and starts barking at him. Bruiser uses his massive frog tongue to strike the dog, restraining the dog in a net made of mucus. The dog whimpers. Hoppette has a look of concern, still hiding in the treetops. Her body twitches instinctually as she wants to go save the dog, but she knows that she needs to stay hidden. Her twitch causes the branch to rustle and for leaves to fall. Bruiser looks up, notices, and smiles as he says he's found her.

A chase ensues across the treetops as Bruiser leaps after her. Bruiser yells that it isn't too late for her to stop her campaign of blasphemy. Hoppette retorts that a world that actively tries to replace the gods of other worlds is inherently blasphemous. Bruiser retorts that she didn't feel that way when she invented the hop suits. Hoppette retorts that that was before the true god returned.

Bruiser raises his eye patch, revealing a ruby red cybernetic laser eye. Bruiser fires a laser blast out of his cybernetic eye to cut a branch off of a tree before Hoppette has the chance to land on it. Thinking quickly, Hoppette uses her long frog tongue to grab onto and swing from a higher branch. Clever girl, Bruiser taunts as he starts to catch up with her.

Hoppette leaps into a forest clearing at the end of the treeline. Bruiser says there is nowhere left to run. A white lily pad glyph appears underneath Hoppette's feet as she says there is always one world where you'll never follow me. Hoppette hops into the glyph and disappears, narrowly dodging a blast from Bruiser's cybernetic eye. Bruiser growls in anger and says to himself that she can't hide behind Planet-Man forever.
