Issue 10 idea from Nicholas Benson:

The issue starts with one of the golems made up of mini-planets being carried into the futuristic lab of a mad scientist by a fire powered supervillain whose entire body is made of flames, except for eyes which are made of charcoal.
The golem being carried is one made up of miniature ice planets, who is naturally weakened by the fire powered supervillain.
The golem's name is Blizzard.
The fire powered supervillain is named Char Cole.
Blizzard is clearly battered, bruised, and covered in condensation.
This is clearly the aftermath of a battle between Char Cole and Blizzard, where Char Cole was obviously the winner.
Char Cole greets the mad scientist who is standing next to an open scanning pod.
The mad scientist has tan skin, brown eyes, silver robotic arms, is bald, wears round black glasses, a blue dress shirt, a white lab coat, brown slacks, and black shoes.
The mad scientist's name is Doctor Metal Fist.
Char Cole places Blizzard inside of the scanning pod.
Doctor Metal Fist immediately begins typing away at his computer terminal, as he reviews the metrics pulled from the scanner's analysis.
Char Cole asks if the scan results provide any information on where these new heroes are coming from.
Doctor Metal Fist states that it is obvious that they are all the spawn of that dreadful Planet-Man.
Char Cole is surprised and says that he didn't know Planet-Man and Shrink-Scope had any kids.
Doctor Metal Fist calls Char Cole an imbecile, and tells him that these so-called 'Golem guardians' were created rather than birthed.
Char Cole is confused, stating that he thought Planet-Man could only create and control miniature planets.
Doctor Metal Fist states that the golems seem to have complex root systems that connect all of the mini-planets that make up their bodies, which acts as both a pseudo nervous system and muscle system.
Char Cole is impressed and asks if that means that the Golem Guardians are actually alive.
Doctor Metal Fist angrily yells that they are obviously alive and calls Char Cole a nitwit.
Char Cole's flames start to glow a harsh red color as he stands up for himself, telling Doctor Metal Fist that he needs to respect him.
The two villains start bickering with each other, before exchanging blows.
Char Cole fires fire balls at Doctor Metal Fist, but Doctor Metal Fist deflects them with with his robotic arms.
While the two villains are distracted fighting each other, a white lily pad glyph forms on the ground next to the scanning pad.
Hoppette hops out of the glyph unnoticed.
She grabs the weakened Blizzard and jumps with him back into the glyph.
On another world, the two hop out of a white lily pad glyph.
Blizzard weakly thanks Hoppette for saving him.
Hoppette tells him not to thank her yet, because the two have a world to save.
Blizzard asks where they are, and Hoppette explains that he's been redesignated to protect a different world.
Blizzard asks who authorized this, and Hoppette explains that she has a deal with Planet-Man and Shrink-Scope.
As long as she helps them from time to time, they'll provide Golem Guardians to help protect other worlds.
Hoppette assures Blizzard that he'll do fine here, as the villains of this world don't have fire powers.
She wishes him good luck as she hops into a white lilypad glyph.
